Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedes
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Good evening.
We're gonna start with breaking news from
a quiet suburban area where a tragic
accident has just happened.
A man, reported to be drunk, was driving
alone in his car when he crashed into a tree.
The impact was severe, and the man was
thrown through the air, falling 500
meters from the crash site.
He landed under a bridge that also serves
as a main road.
When emergency services arrived to
retrieve the body, they were shocked to
find, right in front of them, not one,
but two bodies at the scene.
Our reporter Diana went to that tragic
place, and she's there now.
Please, Diana, tell us more about it.
That's right.
Authorities have confirmed that one of
the bodies is indeed the driver of the car.
However, the second body, which was found
next to it, was just discovered that this
second person had been deceased for a
couple of days before being found, and
their identity remains unknown.
Many are wondering, whose body is this?
There are speculations that this
individual might be someone involved in
the criminal activities reported around
this bridge.
Neighbors have raised concerns that the
bridge has become a hideout for thieves
and drug addicts, who've caused much harm.
With everything they did, they made this
place dangerous, they said.
They think it's most likely that the
unidentified body belongs to one of those
criminals, and many people say that it is
not worth investigating or closing the road.
However, a few people supported by a
human rights organization say they'll go
and file a complaint about such an act of
intolerance and savagery by the neighbors.
There is a lot of confusion, yet little
is known.
You continue on, studio, Carla.
Sure, in an attempt to understand the
situation better, authorities are
investigating further.
They want to determine if there is a
connection between the two deaths and
what exactly led to this tragic series of events.
They have stated that it's too early to
draw any conclusions, and they assure the
public that they will do their job and
make this case clear.
For now, the investigation continues, and
we will keep you updated with any new developments.
Back to you.